--------------------DAY 2  - PYTHON BASICS ASSIGNMENTS----------------------------

1) Given an integer,n, perform the following conditional actions:
            If n is odd, print Weird
            If n is even and in the inclusive range of  2 to 5, print Not Weird
            If n is even and in the inclusive range of 6 to 10 , print Weird
            If n is even and greater than 20 , print Not Weird
                Input Format : A single line containing a positive integer,n .
                Constraints : 1≤n≤100
                Output Format : Print Weird if the number is weird; otherwise, print Not Weird.

2) Read an integer N . For all non-negative integers i<N , print i². See the sample for details.
            Input Format :The first and only line contains the integer,N .
            Constraints : 1≤N≤20
            Output Format : Print N lines, one corresponding to each i .
                                                                                                               Sample Input  : 5
                                                                                                               Sample Output : 0  
1
4
9
16

3)  You are given the year, and you have to write a function to check if the year is leap or not.
        Input Format : Read y, the year that needs to be checked.
        Constraints: 1900≤y≤100000
        Output Format : Boolean(True/False
        Sample Input : 1990
        Sample Output  : False

4)Given the participants' score sheet for your University Sports Day. you are required to find the runner-up score.
             You are given n scores. Store them in a list and find the score of the runner-up.
            Input Format: The first line contains n . The second line contains an array A[] of n integers each separated by a space.
            Constraints : 2≤n≤5
                                     -100≤A[i]≤100
            Output Format : Print the runner-up score.
            Sample Input : 5
                                          2 3 6 6 5
             Sample Output : 5

5) given a string and your task is to swap cases. In other words, convert all lowercase letters to uppercase letters and vice versa.
     Like Pythonist 2  to pYTHONIST 2.
 
6)You are given a string. Split the string on a " " (space) delimiter and join using a - hyphen.
           Input Format : The first line contains a string consisting of space separated words.
           Output Format :Print the formatted string as explained above.
            Sample Input :this is a string   
          Sample Output :this-is-a-string

7) Read a given string, change the character at a given index and then print the modified string.
  Input Format :The first line contains a string,S.
                The next line contains an integer i, denoting the index location and a character c separated by a space.
  Output Format: Using any of the methods explained above, replace the character at index i with character c .
  Sample Input : abracadabra
                                5 k
  Sample Output : abrackdabra

8) the user enters a string and a substring. You have to print the number of times that the substring occurs in the given string

9)You are given a string S.Your task is to find out 
  if the string S contains: alphanumeric characters, alphabetical characters, digits, lowercase and uppercase characters.
  Input Format : A single line containing a string S .
  Constraints : 0 ≤ len(S) ≤1000
  Output Format:
       In the first line, print True if  has any alphanumeric characters. Otherwise, print False.
      In the second line, print True if  has any alphabetical characters. Otherwise, print False.
      In the third line, print True if  has any digits. Otherwise, print False.
      In the fourth line, print True if  has any lowercase characters. Otherwise, print False.
      In the fifth line, print True if  has any uppercase characters. Otherwise, print False.
 Sample Input : qA2
  Sample Output :
                                  True
                                  True
                                  True
                                  True
                                  True

10)Read a list and sort it in reverse of default natural sorting order..(using sort(reverse=True))
   Sample Input : [20,5,16,19,4]
   Sample Output: [20,19,16,5,4]

11)Enter Nested list and print it as matrix
    Sample Input : [[1,2,3],[4,5,6],[7,8,9]]
    Sample Output: elements in matrix style
                     1 2 3
                     4 5 6
                     7 8 9


12) Using List Comprehension 
       a) print powers of 2 in  range(1,10)
       b) print squares in range(1,15)
       c) print double of number in range (1,40) and number should be even

13) program to display unique vowels present in the given word(using list and also using set intersection).
14) program to take a tuple of numbers from keyboard and print its sum and average.
15) program to eleminate duplicates present in the list? (with and without using set function)
16) program to take dictionary from keyboard and print the sum of values.
17) program to accept student name and marks from keyboard and create a dictionary .Also display student marks by taking student name as input
18) program to find number of occurences of each letter present in the given string
19) program to find number of occurences of each vowel present in the given string.
20) Input n persons weight and find average of distinct weights.  ( Note : distinct weights average not an average of weights)
